Here's how I completed the creating infrastructure with Terraform exercise.
Again, first, I want to make sure that I'm in the right directory,
so I'm going to type which Terraform.
That's going to show me that, yes,
I'm in the right directory.
I'm in my Udacity EC2 directory in the Terraform route.
The next thing I'm going to do is initialize Terraform init. Looks good.
Now let's go on over here to our code editor and take a look
at the modifications that you guys made to the code for this exercise.
What we asked you to do, is add a count of two instances,
change the instance type,
and tag it with a name of Udacity Terraform.
That looks good. So now let's head over to
our terminal and see what Terraform has planned.
I'm going to add two instances, so Terraform apply.
I'm going to go ahead and give our consent here.
Now let's switch on over to our management console.
Hit Refresh and see what's cooking.
Yes, we've got our two instances that are coming up now, T_2 small.
If we take a look at our tags,
Udacity Terraform's our key,
our name, our value, Udacity Terraform.
That looks pretty good. So we're in a pending state.
Once they get to a running state,
we'll go ahead and go back to our terminal and destroy them.
Perfect, right on time.
Let's go back and Terraform destroy. We'll agree to that.
Have another look here and
our two new T_2 small instances should be on their way out here.
Which is important to know,
because we are running T_2 small instances just for this short period of time.
These two instances are not in the free tier.
So we want to make sure that we get right back over to Terraform
and run Terraform destroy and terminate these instances.
Thank you for completing the exercise.